{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 #TheBlobs stimulus set\
#Created by Paulo Carvalho and Rob Goldstone, 2010\
\
#Contents:\
Two versions of blobs: High Similarity and Low Similarity.\
For each version there are 6 categories, identified by a letter (a through f). File names identify the category the blob belongs to.\
\
#Details on stimuli creation:\
\
All stimuli were created by randomly generating curvilinear segments that were then added together. Each blob was constituted by 8 features (each feature was a specific spatial position in the blob). In the Low Similarity condition, each of these features could assume one of 12 possible values. Each value represented a different curvilinear segment. In the High Similarity condition, each feature could assume one of two values.\
For each category a particular feature and value combination was defined as determining the category. In this sense, for each set of categories (low and high category structures), the category-relevant feature was always presented in the same spatial location.\
A total of 16 stimuli were created for each category by changing the other features of the blobs. In the high similarity category structure, variation within a category was kept constant across categories (i.e., if a stimulus had value 1 for feature 1 in category 1, that same feature and value would also exist for a stimulus of the two other categories, except when the feature was characteristic of the category).\
\
#Citation:\
Carvalho, P.F. & Goldstone, R.L. (2014). Putting category learning in order: category structure and temporal arrangement affect the benefit of interleaved over blocked study.  Memory & Cognition, 42(3), 481-495.}